[packages/personalization-utils] add helper methods for nextjs (#1231)
BuilderIO/builder: packages/personalization-utils/README.md

# How to start with personalized rewrites? 

>  This utilitiy library help you encode/decode targeting attributes as parts of the URL to allow for caching (or statically generating) render results, it should be used in middleware in combination with a page path handler (for e.g a catch all page `pages/[[...path]].jsx`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This utility library helps you encode/decode targeting attributes as parts of the URL to allow for caching (or statically generating) render results, it should be used in middleware in combination with a page path handler (for e.g a catch all page `pages/[[...path]].jsx`):
```
